hello and welcome to big 12 Wheatley or
I mean 10 what the hell are we going to
call this show now anyway i'm your host
Ron Donaldson my guest today is Texas
athletic director Dulles dots how are
you today sir I'm good mighty fine I
tell ya I'm a rich sumbitch now suck on
at Nebraska yeehaw we would like to
apologize to our viewers for mr. Dodds
language he's from the south where
children have rat tails pregnant women
smoke and drink and most people read at
a third grade level he just doesn't know
any better mr. Dodds if you could please
watch your language we are on television
watch who you're talking to like that
you Yankee bastard nobody talks to Delos
Todd's in that tone don't make me come
over there moving on what was the
deciding factor in your decision to stay
in the big 12 Jim Delany let me put my
fist in his ass and use him like a
puppet interesting sick yet still
interesting I hope you washed your hands
after that how did the negotiations
between Texas and the other schools go
mr. Dodds well it's all documented on
why dried in natty light calm but i can
give you the overview basically i stood
up on mr. Delaney's desk drop my pants
and slapped him with my crank we
apologize to our viewers for that mental
image I would rather take my eyes out
with a serving spoon and see this old
man naked don't talk like that Yankee
I'm sexy and very flexible for an old
man holy shit this is getting awkward
anymore talk like that and I'm out of
here please let's try to stay on topic
how will you keep the other teams in the
big 12 happy knowing they will be
playing second fiddle to Texas and
making less money than you guys we don't
care they can suck on it they're lucky
to even have a conference to be in I
don't think your attitude makes for very
healthy relations between schools in the
big 12 mr. Dodds delos Dodds cares about
who things you
ham Lincoln loving sob he cares about
the state of Texas maintaining his
garden and making money and if anybody
has a problem with it well they can just
shampoo my crotch you just named off
three things god damn it boy somebody
get me some baby powder I'm about to
pimp slap this hippie all I have to say
is wow what do you say we forget all
this Football Talk I think we need to
settle our differences with a little bit
of motorboating I think we passed the
tod club on the way into the studio what
do you say you and I go down there and
get us some handies dear God ah no thank
you on that note I think we need to
break to commercial when we return White
Sox manager ozzie guillen's will be
joining us on set and no mr. Dodds
before you even ask you cannot refer to
him as a wetback well you're no fun
which one of you hussies wants to rub up
on dallas during the commercial break
dear god this is my nightmare you will
be back after these messages
you